[Java] Document Functions & Actions (#284)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/odata/type-safe-client-odata-v4.mdx

    .execute(destination);
```

> ### Functions and Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OData Functions and Actions
```

Reviewer: For total clarity and better heading intdexing.

OData defines bound and unbound [functions and actions](http://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/odata/v4.01/odata-v4.01-part1-protocol.html#sec_Operations).

#### Unbound Operations

Unbound functions and actions can be performed via their respective methods on the service:

```java
service.myFunction("paramValue1", "paramValue2")
      .execute(destination);
```

#### Bound Operations

Functions and actions bound to entity types can be invoked by navigating to any instance or collection of the entity type on the service.

For functions use `applyFunction`:

```java
Entity myEntity;
service.forEntity(myEntity)
      .applyFunction(Entity.myFunction())
      .execute(destination);
```

Similarly, for actions use `applyAction`:

```java
Entity myEntity;
service.forEntity(myEntity)
      .applyAction(Entity.myAction())
      .execute(destination);
```

> :::tip Obtaining the Entity to Operate on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Obtaining an Entity to Operate on
```

> To get the entity object to operate on it is genereally recommended to download it from the service first via its respective `get..ByKey` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the entity object to operate on it is generally recommended to download it from the service first via its respective `get..ByKey` method.
```

> To get the entity object to operate on it is genereally recommended to download it from the service first via its respective `get..ByKey` method.

Reviewer: Is get..ByKey a standard way to point at smth in the middle? It feels a bit confusing to me. I'd either provide a link to getByKey section in docs or simply make it `getByKey`

> To get the entity object to operate on it is genereally recommended to download it from the service first via its respective `get..ByKey` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an entity object to operate on it is generally recommended to download it from the service first via its respective `get..ByKey` method.
```

> In case of actions this will also ensure that ETags are being handled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetching an entity will also ensure that ETag is handled if OData Action is invoked, which often leads to a change of a state of an entity.
```

> But you can also use the builder on the entity object to create an instance, if you are aware of the key properties that are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way is to use a builder on an Entity object to create an instance if you are aware of the key properties that are required.
```

:::

#### Bound Operations on Collections

Functions and actions may also be bound to collections of entities.
They are also invoked via `applyFunction` and `applyAction` but on the `service` instance itself.

> Furthermore OData allows to invoke bound operations not only on entities but also on navigation properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, OData allows invoking bound operations not only on entities but also on navigation properties.
```

The API allows you to navigate to any navigation property of an entity to invoke an operation:

```java
Entity myEntity;
service.forEntity(myEntity)
      .navigateTo(Entity.NAVIGATION_PROPERTY)
      .applyFunction(NavigationEntity.myFunction())
      .execute(destination);
```

#### Composable Functions

Finally, functions may be composable.
If `IsComposable` is set to `true` in the service metadata the service allows to use the result of a function within another operation.

Consider the following request:

```
GET /Entities('my-entity')/ComputeRelatedEntity()/EntityPropertyList?$top=5
```

The service will first perform the function `ComputeRelatedEntity` and then access the `EntityPropertyList` property of the result entity.
Then the top five elements are returned.

> Such a request can be build with the API as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such a request can be built with the API as follows:
```
